[OSDOCS-12971]Document command line verification of WIF resources (#86516)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/create-wif-cluster-cli.adoc

<12> Optional: Maximum number of compute nodes.
<13> Optional: Secure Boot enables the use of Shielded VMs in the Google Cloud Platform.

[id="ocm-cli-list-wif-commands_{context}"]
== Listing WIF clusters

To list all of your {product-title} clusters that have been deployed using the WIF authentication type, run the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ ocm list clusters --parameter search="gcp.authentication.wif_config_id != ''"
----

> To list all of your {product-title} clusters that have been deployed using a specific wif-config, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list all of your {product-title} clusters that have been deployed using a specific WIF configuration, run the following command:
```

Comment for all of the "wif-config" instances in the PR -- Should wif-config be replaced with WIF configuration? if not, should it be having back ticks?

Author: Great question....I think in retrospect, wif-config should be replaced with WIF configuration. Thanks for giving some clarity on that!

[source,terminal]
----
$ ocm list clusters --parameter search="gcp.authentication.wif_config_id = '<wif_config_id>'" <1>
----

> <1> Replace `<wif_config_id>` with the ID of the WIF configuration to list the clusters that have been deployed using that WIF configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Replace `<wif_config_id>` with the ID of the WIF configuration. 
```

Consider removing the repeated info "...list the clusters that have been deployed using that WIF..."

<1> Replace `<version>` with the {product-title} y-stream version you plan to update the cluster to.
<2> Replace `<wif_name>` with the name of the WIF configuration you want to update.

[id="ocm-cli-verify-wif-commands_{context}"]
== Verifying a WIF configuration

> You can verify that the configuration of resources associated with a wif-config are correct by running the `ocm gcp verify wif-config` command. If a misconfiguration is found, output will identify the specific misconfiguration and recommend that you update the WIF configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify that the configuration of resources associated with a wif-config are correct by running the `ocm gcp verify wif-config` command. The output identifies the specific misconfiguration and recommends that you update the WIF configuration.
```

- Consider using the present tense as per the following guideline:
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#will
> Description: Do not use future tense unless it is absolutely necessary.

> You will need the name or ID of the wif-config you want to verify before verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need the name or ID of the wif-config you want to verify before verification.
```

> You will need the name or ID of the wif-configuration you want to verify before verification.

Author: Good catch, @lento-sun. I will change. Thanks!

> You will need the name or ID of the wif-configuration you want to verify before verification.

Author: Hi @lento-sun, after reading through the recommendations from peer review, I changed all wif-config to WIF configuration....so it is consistent, just in the opposite way :) 
Thanks!

> You will need the name or ID of the wif-configuration you want to verify before verification.

Reviewer 2: @mletalie thx, lgtm

To obtain the name and ID of your active wif-configs, run the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ ocm gcp list wif-configs
----

To determine if the wif-config you want to verify is configured correctly, run the following command, replacing `<wif_config_name>` or `<wif_config_id>` with the name or ID of the wif-config you want to verify:

[source,terminal]
----
$ ocm gcp verify wif-config <wif_config_name>|<wif_config_id>
----
--
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
Error: verification failed with error: missing role 'compute.storageAdmin'.
Running 'ocm gcp update wif-config' may fix errors related to cloud resource misconfiguration.
exit status 1.
----
--

> In the example output displayed above, the specific misconfiguration is provided, along with the recommendation to update the wif-config as a possible solution.

Reviewer: IMO, this info redundant as it's already mentioned before. I suggest to remove this sentence. But if you want to keep it, then please see the following suggested changes:

```suggestion
The example output displays the specific misconfiguration and the recommended solution to fix the error.
```
